
# 本书选择软件包的依据

As stated earlier, the goal of LFS is to build a complete and usable foundation-level system. This includes all packages needed to replicate itself while providing a relatively minimal base from which to customize a more complete system based on the choices of the user. This does not mean that LFS is the smallest system possible. Several important packages are included that are not strictly required. The lists below document the rationale for each package in the book.

之前提到过，LFS的目标是构建一个完全的、可用的基础级系统。这个系统提供一个相对较小的基础，可以再次基础上根据用户的选择定制更加完整的系统，因此该系统仅包括所有需要复制的软件包。当然，这并不意味着LFS是最小的系统。一些重要的软件被包含了进来，虽然不是必须的。下面列出了LFS中的每一个软件，并给出了其入选理由。



Acl
: 包含了管理 访问控制列表（Access Control Lists） 的工具，用来给文件和目录定义更加细粒度的访问权限。


Attr
: 包含了用于管理文件系统对象的扩展属性的工具。

Autoconf
: 包含了生成从开发者的模板中自动配置源代码的Shell脚本。

Automake
: 包含了从模板自动生成Makefile的工具。

Bash
: LSB要求的软件包，它因为广泛的使用和可扩展性而被选择。

Bc
: This package provides an arbitrary precision numeric processing language. It satisfies a requirement needed when building the Linux kernel.

Binutils
: This package contains a linker, an assembler, and other tools for handling object files. The programs in this package are needed to compile most of the packages in an LFS system and beyond.

Bison
: This package contains the GNU version of yacc (Yet Another Compiler Compiler) needed to build several other LFS programs.

Bzip2
: This package contains programs for compressing and decompressing files. It is required to decompress many LFS packages.

Check
: This package contains a test harness for other programs. It is only installed in the temporary toolchain.

Coreutils
: This package contains a number of essential programs for viewing and manipulating files and directories. These programs are needed for command line file management, and are necessary for the installation procedures of every package in LFS.

D-Bus
: This package contains programs to implement a message bus system, which a simple way for applications to talk to one another. It is required by systemd.

DejaGNU
: This package contains a framework for testing other programs. It is only installed in the temporary toolchain.

Diffutils
: This package contains programs that show the differences between files or directories. These programs can be used to create patches, and are also used in many packages' build procedures.

E2fsprogs
: This package contains the utilities for handling the ext2, ext3 and ext4 file systems. These are the most common and thoroughly tested file systems that Linux supports.

Expat
: This package contains a relatively small XML parsing library. It is required by the XML::Parser Perl module.

Expect
: This package contains a program for carrying out scripted dialogues with other interactive programs. It is commonly used for testing other packages. It is only installed in the temporary toolchain.

File
: This package contains a utility for determining the type of a given file or files. A few packages need it to build.

Findutils
: This package contains programs to find files in a file system. It is used in many packages' build scripts.

Flex
: This package contains a utility for generating programs that recognize patterns in text. It is the GNU version of the lex (lexical analyzer) program. It is required to build several LFS packages.

Gawk
: This package contains programs for manipulating text files. It is the GNU version of awk (Aho-Weinberg-Kernighan). It is used in many other packages' build scripts.

Gcc
: This package is the Gnu Compiler Collection. It contains the C and C++ compilers as well as several others not built by LFS.

GDBM
: This package contains the GNU Database Manager library. It is used by one other LFS package, Man-DB.

Gettext
: This package contains utilities and libraries for internationalization and localization of numerous packages.

Glibc
: This package contains the main C library. Linux programs would not run without it.

GMP
: This package contains math libraries that provide useful functions for arbitrary precision arithmetic. It is required to build Gcc.

Gperf
: This package contains a program that generates a perfect hash function from a key set. It is required for systemd.

Grep
: This package contains programs for searching through files. These programs are used by most packages' build scripts.

Groff
: This package contains programs for processing and formatting text. One important function of these programs is to format man pages.

GRUB
: This package is the Grand Unified Boot Loader. It is one of several boot loaders available, but is the most flexible.

Gzip
: This package contains programs for compressing and decompressing files. It is needed to decompress many packages in LFS and beyond.

Iana-etc
: This package provides data for network services and protocols. It is needed to enable proper networking capabilities.

Inetutils
: This package contains programs for basic network administration.

Intltool
: This package contains tools for extracting translatable strings from source files.

IProute2
: This package contains programs for basic and advanced IPv4 and IPv6 networking. It was chosen over the other common network tools package (net-tools) for its IPv6 capabilities.

Kbd
: This package contains key-table files, keyboard utilities for non-US keyboards, and a number of console fonts.

Kmod
: This package contains programs needed to administer Linux kernel modules.

Less
: This package contains a very nice text file viewer that allows scrolling up or down when viewing a file. It is also used by Man-DB for viewing manpages.

Libcap
: This package implements the user-space interfaces to the POSIX 1003.1e capabilities available in Linux kernels.

Libpipeline
: The Libpipeline package contains a library for manipulating pipelines of subprocesses in a flexible and convenient way. It is required by the Man-DB package.

Libtool
: This package contains the GNU generic library support script. It wraps the complexity of using shared libraries in a consistent, portable interface. It is needed by the test suites in other LFS packages.

Linux Kernel
: This package is the Operating System. It is the Linux in the GNU/Linux environment.

M4
: This package contains a general text macro processor useful as a build tool for other programs.

Make
: This package contains a program for directing the building of packages. It is required by almost every package in LFS.

Man-DB
: This package contains programs for finding and viewing man pages. It was chosen instead of the man package due to superior internationalization capabilities. It supplies the man program.

Man-pages
: This package contains the actual contents of the basic Linux man pages.

MPC
: This package contains functions for the arithmetic of complex numbers. It is required by Gcc.

MPFR
: This package contains functions for multiple precision arithmetic. It is required by Gcc.

Ncurses
: This package contains libraries for terminal-independent handling of character screens. It is often used to provide cursor control for a menuing system. It is needed by a number of packages in LFS.

Patch
: This package contains a program for modifying or creating files by applying a patch file typically created by the diff program. It is needed by the build procedure for several LFS packages.

Perl
: This package is an interpreter for the runtime language PERL. It is needed for the installation and test suites of several LFS packages.

Pkg-config
: This package provides a program to return meta-data about an installed library or package.

Procps-NG
: This package contains programs for monitoring processes. These programs are useful for system administration, and are also used by the LFS Bootscripts.

Psmisc
: This package contains programs for displaying information about running processes. These programs are useful for system administration.

Readline
: This package is a set of libraries that offers command-line editing and history capabilities. It is used by Bash.

Sed
: This package allows editing of text without opening it in a text editor. It is also needed by most LFS packages' configure scripts.

Shadow
: This package contains programs for handling passwords in a secure way.

Systemd
: This package provides an init program and several additional boot and system control capabilites as an alternative to Sysvinit. It is used by many Linux distributions.

Tar
: This package provides archiving and extraction capabilities of virtually all packages used in LFS.

Tcl
: This package contains the Tool Command Language used in many test suites in LFS packages. It is only installed in the temporary toolchain.

Texinfo
: This package contains programs for reading, writing, and converting info pages. It is used in the installation procedures of many LFS packages.

Util-linux
: This package contains miscellaneous utility programs. Among them are utilities for handling file systems, consoles, partitions, and messages.

Vim
: This package contains an editor. It was chosen because of its compatibility with the classic vi editor and its huge number of powerful capabilities. An editor is a very personal choice for many users and any other editor could be substituted if desired.

XML::Parser
: This package is a Perl module that interfaces with Expat.

XZ Utils
: This package contains programs for compressing and decompressing files. It provides the highest compression generally available and is useful for decompressing packages in XZ or LZMA format.

Zlib
: This package contains compression and decompression routines used by some programs.